Here are some sentences without a ~~theme~~ `context`.

---

I shave my face every two days.

If I don't go outside, I will do it every three days.

First, I assemble my manual razor. Electric shavers are not suitable for me.

Then I wash my face with warm water and keep my face wet.

I apply much shaving foam to my face. I used a soap in the past.

I shave my face with my razor.

Shaving is a pain because my beard is so tough/hard.

At last, I wash my face with warm water and dry it with a towel.

---

Annual report of 2022.

I talked about "Crazy Thursday of KFC" 52 times in this group.

There ~~is~~ `was` 0 friend who gave me 50 Yuan.

I consumed at KFC 0 times.

I am a fake KFC fan. KFC is unlucky to have a fan like me.

My key word this year is, "rich brother, give me 50 Yuan to show you are rich".

Today is the last "Crazy Thursday of KFC" of 2022.

KFC is still waiting for me.

---

Today is the first day of 2023, we cleaned the house.

I wore a pair of rubber gloves and a mask.

I cleaned the windows with a rag. I reached the high places by standing on a stool.

It is easy to clean the straight railings, but difficult to clean the curved (do you mean curly) ones.

I climbed up the ladder and cleaned the ceiling fan. My elder borther `brother` held ~~on to~~ the ladder on the ground.

I swept the floor with a broom and mopped it ~~with a mop~~.

I will wash my coat tonight since it was dirty.

I replaced my straw mat with a bamboo mat two days ago.

It is cold ~~that lying~~ `to lie` on a bamboo mat in winter.

I put a quilt on the mat and sleep on the quilt.

My mother said that it was hard to find a straw mat.

A straw mat can be folded, but a bamboo mat can only be rolled up.

A straw mat is easy to carry when we live outside.

I will leave home and live alone outside after the Chinese New Year.

My father moans in pain almost all night because his waist and legs are so painful.

He has self-harm tendencies.

I can't sleep well, either. I often wake up in the middle of the night.

---

I found my small rice cooker from the utility room.

It has been put there since I came back from Guizhou many years ago.

I found a pillow of Platelet(工作细胞角色)(not a H one) which ~~was~~ I bought in an animation exhibition in Guangzhou many years ago.

I folded my straw mat and tied it up for easy portability.

---

We have two old empty liquefied petroleum gas cylinders of different companies.

I called the numbers on the cylinders.

The first one, a woman told me that the cylinder was scrapped.

The second one, a man told me that one of their staffs would come to fill the cylinder for us.

I told him my address. I forgot to ask him when he would come.

A staff came to my home and checked the cylinder.

He said that it was about to be scrapped, we should replace it by a new one.

But we didn't want a new one because it cost`s` extra.

At last he sold us an old cylinder filled with gas and took `away` our empty one.

He said that we must replace it by a new one in a year.

---

The non-political news on CNN is easier for me to understand, compared to the political ones.

---