I took my keyboard from home to the rental house.

I restarted my diary.

There is something wrong with the number key 2.

When I want to enter '2', it often becomes '22222222'.

I'll just settle for it for now, though the key 2 is a high frequency key.

---
I have noodles for breakfast every morning.

I ate up the noodles this morning.

I need to buy some this afternoon.

I bought some noodles and eggs from a little store.

I went to AEON and found out that today is the promotion day.

I went in and walked around but bought nothing.

I don't think the price is very favorable.

---
I'm not allowed to park where I usually park.

I drove around and tried to find another place to park for free.

I found a place where some cars parked there, so I parked there too.

But I received a warning message from the traffic police in several minutes.

At last, I can only park my car in a paid parking lot.

The parking fee is 200 yuan per month.

Nowadays, it is more and more difficult to find a free parking lot in cities.

There are more and more cars in my village.

Parking is free in my village because it is far from the city center.

---
There was a power outage today.

I went out for lunch since I can't cook without electricity.

The power restored in the afternoon.

When I was cooking in the evening, the power suddenly went out again.

I didn't cook the leeks yet.

Fortunately, the rice is cooked. So I went to buy a preserved egg(皮蛋) and a sausage.

When I was back, the power restored. So I cooked the leeks and had supper.