First Vlog

Hello everyone. This is my first vlog and I want to start a series of vlogs in English.  
I will try my best to talk in English in my English vlogs.  
Since this is the first one, I prepared the script in advance.  
I hope I can talk fluently without a script one day.

---

Parking Problem

Here is an unfinished road.  
As you can see, there are many cars parking here.  
The owners of these cars park their cars here because parking is free here.  
In the village, parking fee is about 200 yuan per month. Here is one of the barrier gates.

---

Daily Life

Discribing my daily life in detail is a good way to learn English.

---

Washing Clothes

When you wash clothes, you should rub them in the water.  
After washing the clothes with detergent(washing powder solution), I rinsed them with clean water.  
Then I wrung out the clothes to dry them.  
At last, I put my clothes on the hangers and hung them on the rod.

---

Shaving My Face

I assembled my razor first.  
I washed my face with clean water, then smeared shaving foam on my face.  
I shaved my face with my razor. It's pain.

---
Cold Dry Winter

It's cold and dry now. My skin is dry and cracked.  
The tiles make cracking sounds occasionally.  
Shaving in this weather is a nightmare.

---
Cleaning The House

This morning I swept the floor with a broom.  
I swept the dust into the dustpan and went outside to dump it into the dustbin.  
I will mop the floor this afternoon.

---
Slippers

I bought 6 pairs of slippers at the price of about 5 yuan a pair on Pinduoduo.  
They have a very strong plastic smell. I plan to wash them with water and leave them for some time.  
I think I'll make a fortune if I set up a stall and sell them for 8 or 10 yuan a pair.  
But my first task is to remove the plastic smell.

---
Running

The weather is getting warmer and I should get back to running.  
About two weeks ago, I started to feel pain in my knee after a run.  
I think I don't exercise enough, so I should at least keep jogging.